Add support for registerDna (#59)
holochain/tryorama: README.md

  // and install a single happ
  const carol_blog_happ = await carol.installHapp([dnaBlog])

>   // or a happ with a previously generated key and previously registered dna by hash
>   // which you can get from the cells as returned in the InstalledHapp from previous install
>   // or from a call to registerDna which might look like this to create a derived dna using
>   // a different uuid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // or install a happ using
  // - a previously generated key
  // - and the hash of a dna that was previously registered with the same conductor
  // (a dna can be registered either by installing a happ with that dna or by calling registerDna with an old dna's hash and a new UUID)
```

  const blogDnaHash = carol_test_happ.cells[0].dnaHash()

>   const derivedDnaHash = await carol.registerDna({hash: blogDnaHash}, "1234567890")

Reviewer: Should this say `testDnaHash`?

Author: In the example carol has a blogDna installed.  She then uses creates a derived DNA from that hash and registers a new derived dna.

  // and install a single happ
  const carol_blog_happ = await carol.installHapp([dnaBlog])

  // or a happ with a previously generated key and previously registered dna by hash

>   // which you can get from the cells as returned in the InstalledHapp from previous install

Reviewer: I find this sentence hard to parse.
```
  // or a happ with a previously generated key and previously registered dna by hash
  // which you can get from the cells as returned in the InstalledHapp from previous install
```
Maybe I can rewrite it once I understand how the feature works...

  const testDnaHash = bob_test_happ.cells[0].dnaHash()
  const carol_test_happ_with_bobs_test_key = await carol.installHapp([testDnaHash], bob_blog_happ.agent)

  // or from a call to registerDna which might look like this to create a derived dna using
  // different uuid.

>   const derivedDnaHash = await carol.registerDna({hash: testDnaHash}, "1234567890")

Reviewer: I don't fully understand. Does this mean that if you install a DNA with one conductor, then another conductor on the same machine has access to that DNA and will attempt to look for it whenever it receives the DNA hash? I was assuming that each conductor running on the same machine has entirely separate databases.

Author: oops, bad example.  They are separate.  I'll fix.
